Add document describing changes done during the merge (#18773)
hazelcast/hazelcast: docs/design/merge/01-merge-changes.md

# Merge Changes Summary

The Hazelcast and Hazelcast Jet products were merged together to provide a
seamless experience. Changes done during the merge of Hazelcast and Hazelcast
Jet codebases are summarized in this document.

Hazelcast Jet repository was merged into Hazelcast repository.

The name Jet doesn't refer to standalone product anymore, but is kept when

> referencing the streaming engine part of the product - the Jet engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
referring to the streaming engine part of the product - the Jet engine.
```

## Module changes

- `hazelcast-jet-core` code was merged into `hazelcast` module
- `hazelcast-jet-spring` module was merged into `hazelcast-spring` and removed
- `hazelcast-jet-distribution` module was removed, `hazelcast-distribution`
  module was adapted to produce very similar artifacts - full and slim
  distribution
- the extension modules were kept under `extensions/*`, keeping the groupId and
  artifactId coordinates, this makes it easy for existing users to migrate.
- `examples` modules were deleted, they will be merged with imdg example, which
  are stored in a separate repository at https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-code-samples/
- `hazelcast-jet-sql` module was merged into `hazelcast-sql` module (this
  actually happened after the merge, but for users it is indistinguishable).`

## Code Changes

- JetNodeExtension was merged with DefaultNodeExtension
- The Jet service is started when a HazelcastInstance is started
- HazelcastInstance can return JetInstance via #getJetInstance (this will
  change before the release into a `JetService getJet()` where `JetService`
  provides a subset of `JetInstance` methods)

> - Jet datastructures created by com.hazelcast.jet.impl.JobRepository are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Jet data structures created by com.hazelcast.jet.impl.JobRepository are
```

  created lazily when needed
- JetConfig is now a field in `com.hazelcast.config.Config`
- Jet run tests in parallel by default, Jet tests were marked with `QuickTest`
  and `ParallelJVMTest` `@Category` accordingly
- IMDG's `smallInstanceConfig()` for tests sets the

>   `com.hazelcast.jet.config.InstanceConfig#setCooperativeThreadCount` to 2

Reviewer: Add:
```
- Jet cooperative threads are suspended if no jobs are running.
- One can disable Jet code upload for security reasons.
```

## Checkstyle

- Jet code was adapted to IMDG checkstyle rules
- some checkstyle rules were relaxed

There are 2 outstanding items to resolve:
- some checkstyle rules were ignored for Jet code
- Jet had some stricker rules regarding public javadoc, this is now not in

>   place, ideally we should bring whole  
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  place, ideally we should apply it to the whole product
```
